(1 year ago, October 2nd, Japan)
HaSeul is doing a photoshoot with HeeJIn and HyunJin!
(Maybe it was HaSeul’s first LOOΠΔ TV shooting!)
Are you shooting me?
I’m going to check my luggage at there!
(HaSeul has to go Japan alone as the second party)
I’m going to Japan two days later after they went there.
You know, I feel stuck...
(She has to move alone by public transportation!)
Because I’ve never used public transportation in Japan...
(She worried about many thing before she was revealed as third member...)
There’re many beautiful girls like...
The pretty girl next to the pretty girl…
But you know, I think I have a kind of unique or characteristic face…
So I don’t want people to be shocked….
I hope there’re a lot of people who like my kind of face…
(HeeJin’s ViViD wasn’t released at that time)
HeeJin’s single album will be out October 5.
It’s NEXT WEEK!
I’m so excited
Are you shooting me as soon as getting off?
I’m going to take a subway!
(Then or now, HaSeul is so brave!)
I’m glad that I’m not alone.
(*She’s moving with the PD)
(HaSeul’s Japan story, to be continued!)